Ambitious Lace Eagle

medium

# It may not be meaningful that the user buys the `Power Token`.

## Summary
Users buy `Power Token` during `Transfer Epoch` using `PowerToken.sol#buy` function.
However, if the `ZeroGovernol.sol#resetToPowerHolders` function call and the `PowerToken.sol#buy` function call are executed on a same block of blockchain, the number of `Power Token` that the user buys will never be reflected in the new `PowerToken` if the `PowerToken.sol#resetToPowerHolders` function call is executed earlier than `PowerToken.sol#buy` function.
Therefore, the user will lose the money paid when buy.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `ZeroGovernor.sol#resetToPowerHolders` function is as follows.
```solidity
    function resetToPowerHolders() external onlySelf {
        _resetContracts(IStandardGovernor(standardGovernor()).voteToken());
    }
```
In the above function, giving `IStandardGovernor(standardGovernor()).voteToken()` as an input parameter of `_resetContracts()` is to let the old `Power Token`'s balances apply to the new `Power Token`'s balances when `Reset Proposal` is executed.

However, if the `PowerToken.sol#resetToPowerHolders` function call and the `PowerToken.sol#buy` function call are executed on a same block and the `PowerToken.sol#resetToPowerHolders` function call is executed earlier, the user will pay to buy the old `Power Token`, not new `Power Token`.
However, the number of `Power Token` that the user buys, is not reflected to the new `Power Token`.
That is, the user will lose the money paid to buy.

## Impact
You lose the money you paid to buy the `Power Token`.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-mzero/blob/main/ttg/src/ZeroGovernor.sol#L105

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add a variable to `PowerToken.sol` for controlling buy and the `PowerToken.sol#buy` function is executed only when this variable is `true`.
And add the set function to `PowerToken.sol` and add a modifier to only let `ZeroGovernor.sol` call this set function.
And add the code that sets this variable to `false` in the `ZeroGovernor.sol#_deployEphemeralContracts` function.