Amusing Wooden Dragon

medium

# A proposer of `StandardGovernor` might end up paying a `proposalFee` greater than expected, possibly even in different token in some cases.

## Summary
A proposer of `StandardGovernor` might end up paying a `proposalFee` greater than expected, possibly even in different token in some cases.
## Vulnerability Detail
- Any one can create a new proposal by calling `StandardGovernor#propose()`.
- The proposer might be required to pay the proposalFee for the successful creation of a proposal.
- The `proposalFee` will be sent to `vault` in case of proposal failure.

The proposer can not specify the max amount of proposal fee they can accept, which is calculated inside `propose()` function.

Below is an example how a proposer might end up paying a proposal fee greater than they initially expected:
- the `cashToken` of `StandardGovernor` is `WETH`, `proposalFee` is `1 Ether`
- Alice is willing to pay `1 Ether` for creating a proposal
- Alice calls `StandardGovernor#propose()` to create proposal
- However, the transaction is pending due to the Ethereum congestion and the low gas fee provided by Alice.
- Bob propose to increase `proposalFee` through `EmergencyGovernor`
- Bob's proposal is passed and executed quickly, `proposalFee` is increased to `2 Ethers`
- Alice's proposal is created afterward, `2 Ethers` of WETH is deducted from Alice`s account.

if Bob create a `setCashToken()` proposal through `ZeroGovernor`, both `cashToken` and `proposalFee` will be updated. Alice might end up paying the proposal fee in different token.

## Impact
A proposer of `StandardGovernor` might end up paying a `proposalFee` greater than expected, possibly even in different token in some cases.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-mzero/blob/main/ttg/src/StandardGovernor.sol#L144-L168
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Introduce two parameters `cashToken_` and `proposalFee_` to `StandardGovernor#propose()`:
```diff
    function propose(
        address[] memory targets_,
        uint256[] memory values_,
        bytes[] memory callDatas_,
+       address cashToken_,
+       uint256 proposalFee_,
        string memory description_
    ) external override returns (uint256 proposalId_) {
        uint256 voteStart_;

        (proposalId_, voteStart_) = _propose(targets_, values_, callDatas_, description_);

        // If this is the first proposal for the `voteStart_` epoch, inflate its target total supply of `PowerToken`.
        if (++numberOfProposalsAt[voteStart_] == 1) {
            IPowerToken(voteToken).markNextVotingEpochAsActive();
        }

-       uint256 proposalFee_ = proposalFee;
+       if (proposalFee_ != proposalFee) revert InvalidProposalFee();

        if (proposalFee_ == 0) return proposalId_;

-       address cashToken_ = cashToken;
+       if (cashToken_ != cashToken) revert InvalidCashToken();

        _proposalFees[proposalId_] = ProposalFeeInfo({ cashToken: cashToken_, fee: proposalFee_ });

        if (!ERC20Helper.transferFrom(cashToken_, msg.sender, address(this), proposalFee_)) revert TransferFromFailed();
    }
```