Young Umber Okapi

high

# Inflation power tokens are lost after reset, and a portion of initial supply cannot be redeemed.

## Summary

After reset, the user's inflation power tokens can be lost, and a portion of the initial supply cannot be redeemed.

## Vulnerability Detail

Assume that Bob has a balance of 200 power tokens + an inflation of 100 power tokens that he gained before Epoch 90 but has not synced yet. The total supply of power tokens within the system is 300.

After a reset at Epoch 100, Bob will lose all the 100 power token inflation. 

When the reset is executed, the bootstrap epoch is set to the previous epoch, which in this case is Epoch 99.

This is because if Bob attempts to sync after the reset, the `_getLastSync` function at Line 289 below will start from the bootstrap epoch (Epoch 99). So, he cannot claim the inflated 100 PT that he gained before Epoch 90, and they will be lost forever.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-mzero/blob/main/ttg/src/abstract/EpochBasedInflationaryVoteToken.sol#L275

```solidity
File: EpochBasedInflationaryVoteToken.sol
275:     function _getUnrealizedInflation(address account_, uint16 lastEpoch_) internal view returns (uint240 inflation_) {
276:         // The balance and delegatee the account had at the epoch are the same since the last sync (by definition).
277:         uint240 balance_ = _getBalanceWithoutUnrealizedInflation(account_, lastEpoch_);
278: 
279:         if (balance_ == 0) return 0; // No inflation if the account had no balance.
280: 
281:         uint256 inflatedBalance_ = balance_;
282:         address delegatee_ = _getDelegatee(account_, lastEpoch_); // Internal avoids `_revertIfNotPastTimepoint`.
283: 
284:         // NOTE: Starting from the epoch after the latest sync, before `lastEpoch_`.
285:         // NOTE: If account never synced (i.e. it never interacted with the contract nor received tokens or voting
286:         //       power), then `epoch_` will start at 0, which can result in a longer loop than needed. Inheriting
287:         //       contracts should override `_getLastSync` to return the most recent appropriate epoch for such an
288:         //       account, such as the epoch when the contract was deployed, some bootstrap epoch, etc.
289:         for (uint16 epoch_ = _getLastSync(account_, lastEpoch_); epoch_ < lastEpoch_; ++epoch_) {
```

To aggravate the issue, Bob's inflated 100 PT was already added to the total supply before the reset before he got the chance to claim it (trigger sync function). So, if the total supply is 300 before the reset, it means that one-third of the initial supply cannot be redeemed and will be lost by the users. These unreclaimable assets will be stuck in the contract.

This will also negatively affect the overall balance of the voting power of all the power users, as certain power users who have synced before the reset would be favored and receive a greater voting power after the reset than those who do not sync or did not manage to sync on time before the reset, creating unfairness in the governance system. 

Note: The zero proposal to trigger a reset can occur at any point in time and has to be executed quickly/immediately sometimes, especially during an emergency (e.g., ongoing attack/hack). Thus, it is not always possible to wait for all minter accounts to be synced before a reset can be executed.

## Impact

Loss of assets for the affected users after a reset. Assets stuck in the protocol.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-mzero/blob/main/ttg/src/abstract/EpochBasedInflationaryVoteToken.sol#L275

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Update the logic to include the user's unrealized power token inflation that has not been synced yet before the reset in their bootstrap balance after a reset.