Dizzy Cream Kitten

high

# Voting tokens holders can delegate voting power(weight) to different accounts(own account) and castvote unfairly,get more reward tokens unfairly.

## Summary
There is no preventing mechanism for delegating voting power to different delegatee during the voting epoch. So one user can delegate his voting power during a voting epoch to multiple accounts and caste vote and can get unfairly more rewards tokens. If you see , there is a preventing mechanism when transfering voting tokens, that is voting tokens can’t be transferred during the voting epoch . but voting power(weight) can be delegated to multiple during voting epochs(this is attack vector/bug) 

## Vulnerability Detail
1. Let’s assume, Alice has 1000 voting tokens. So she has 1000 voting power(weight).

2. During a voting  epoch, Alice gives 1000 token’s voting weight to proposalids and gets reward token.

3. After that, during this voting epoch , Alice delegates those 1000 voting power( weight) to her own different account(assume account2).

4. Now Alice gives 1000 token’s voting weight to proposalid’s unfairly and gets rewards tokens unfairly.

5. Alice(attacker) can do this multiple time by delegating voting power to different accounts and can give unfair vote, get unfair reward tokens  

## Impact
Voting tokens holders can delegate voting power(weight) to different accounts(own account) and castvote unfairly,get more reward tokens unfairly.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-mzero/blob/main/ttg/src/abstract/EpochBasedVoteToken.sol#L64

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-mzero/blob/main/ttg/src/StandardGovernor.sol#L352
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Implement a mechanism so that one can’t delegate his voting power(weight) to different accounts during a voting epoch.
