Droll Iron Ferret

high

# Lack of precision results in broken core invariant between balance and votingPower

## Summary

A lack of precision results in a significant amount of inflation rewards not being applied, resulting in lost rewards for users and a broken invariant between balance and votingPower.

## Vulnerability Detail

Each voting epoch with proposals, all votingPower which voted on every proposal will be inflated by 10% and the Power token starts with a supply of 10000 tokens, with 0 decimals.

Since inflation is 10%, for every 10 tokens of an amount being inflated, 1 token will be added. As a result, every token amount which we apply inflation to with amount % 10 != 0 will have the remainder not receiving inflation. 

For each delegatee, there can be multiple account balances delegating to them. For each balanceOf, there can be a non-zero remainder of tokens wherein one token is not added via inflation. But since the votingPower of the delegatee is the sum of all these balances, the votingPower can only have one possible missed token applied via inflation. Consider the following example:

- User A has a balance of 18 tokens and is delegating to User A
- User B has a balance of 29 tokens and is delegating to User A
- User C has a balance of 14 tokens and is delegating to User A

User A thus has a votingPower of 18+29+14 = 61.

When we compute the inflation for User A's votingPower, it will be 6 tokens because 60/10 = 6 (rounding down).

Now let's compute the inflation of the user balances:

- User A's balance is inflated by 1 token because 18/10 = 1 (rounding down).
- User B's balance is inflated by 2 tokens because 29/10 = 2 (rounding down).
- User C's balance is inflated by 1 token because 18/10 = 1 (rounding down).

All together we've inflated their balances by 4 tokens while inflating the votingPower which is supposed to be the sum of those balances by 6. Thus we have broken the core invariant: `Σ POWER balanceOf(delegators) == POWER votingPower(delegatee)`.

This lack of precision also affects small actors quite significantly for the same reason. Consider for example a user with a balanceOf < 10 tokens. They will not receive any inflation, even if they vote for many epochs.

## Impact

- `Σ POWER balanceOf(delegators) < POWER votingPower(delegatee)`, causing the delegatee to always have a non-zero votingPower even if no one is delegating to them. The more accounts delegating per delegatee, the more this gap grows, and since inflation is continually compounding amounts, the gap will grow at an increasing rate over time.
- Users with less than 10 tokens never receive inflation.

Note that since the Power token supply is initially so small, 10000 tokens with 0 decimals, the result of even one unaccounted or lost token is quite significant, 0.01% of the total supply.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-mzero/blob/main/ttg/src/PowerToken.sol#L43

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Increase the initial supply such that lost inflation rewards are statistically insignificant. Consider adding more decimals such that the initial supply is e.g. 10000e18.