Curly Shamrock Cow

medium

# The user's 'buy' of the 'power token' may not have any effect on the user and may only cause damage to the user.

## Summary
Users purchase `PowerToken` by paying `Cash Token` during the `Transfer Epoch` period to obtain more voting rights. 
However, if the purchased `powerToken` is executed together with `Reset Proposal` in one block of the chain or is in the mempool, it may not have any effect on the user.
## Vulnerability Detail
The ` ZeroGovernor.sol#resetToPowerHolders` function is as follows.

```solidity
    function resetToPowerHolders() external onlySelf {
L105:    _resetContracts(IStandardGovernor(standardGovernor()).voteToken());
    }
```
In `L105`, `IStandardGovernor(standardGovernor()).voteToken()` represents the address of `powerToken`. Indicates the address of `powerToken`. Entering the address of `powerToken` into the `zeroGovernor.sol#_resetContracts()` function means that when `Reset Proposal` is executed, the old `powerToken` becomes the `bootstrapToken` of the new `powerToken`.
Thus, the goal is to ensure that the balance of users in the old `powerToken` is maintained in the new `powerToken`.
However, as the `PowerToken.sol#buy` function call and the `PowerToken.sol#resetToPowerHolders` function call are executed in one block of the blockchain, the `PowerToken.sol#reserToPowerHolders` function call is executed before the `PowerToken.sol#buy` function call. If that happens, a problem arises. The same problem occurs even when the mempool is present and the call is made like this.
Since the user's call to the `powerToken.sol#buy` function is for an old `powerToken`, the user will pay to purchase the old `powerToken`.
However, the amount of `powerToken` purchased by the user is not reflected in the new `powerToken` because the `powerToken.sol#resetToPowerHolders` function call has already been made.
## Impact
The user loses the `CashToken` paid to buy `powerToken`.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-mzero/blob/main/ttg/src/PowerToken.sol
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-mzero/blob/main/ttg/src/ZeroGovernor.sol
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add the follow function to `PowerToken.sol`.
```solidity
bool _flag;
function setFlag(bool flag_) external {
    require(msg.sender == zeroGovernor);
    _flag = flag_;
}
```

Add the follow lines to `ZeroGovernor.sol#_resetContracts()`.
```solidity
    function _resetContracts(address bootstrapToken_) internal {
        IStandardGovernor standardGovernor_ = IStandardGovernor(standardGovernor());
+++     IPowerToken powerToken_ = IPowerToken(powerToken());
+++     powerToken_.setFlag(false);
...SNIP
    }
```

Add the follow lines to `PowerToken.sol#buy()`.
    function buy(
        uint256 minAmount_,
        uint256 maxAmount_,
        address destination_,
        uint16 expiryEpoch_
    ) external returns (uint240 amount_, uint256 cost_) {
+++     require(_flag==true);
...SNIP
    }