Young Umber Okapi

high

# Minter could mint M tokens without any Eligible Collateral

## Summary

Minters could mint M tokens without any Eligible Collateral. As a result, the on-chain minted M tokens will not be backed by an adequate amount of  Eligible Collateral. With fewer Eligible Collateral (e.g., T-Bill) backing the minted M Tokens than expected, the price of M tokens might fall significantly below the \$1 peg, affecting the stability of the protocol.

## Vulnerability Detail

Assume that the following state:

- Bob (minter) has \$10M of 30-day T-bills in the Eligible Custody Solution (ECS)
- Update Collateral Interval = 1 day (24 hours)
- Mint Ratio = 80%
- Validator Threshold = 2

Note that after Day 30, the \$10M of the 30-day T-bills will mature and convert to bank deposits, which are not considered Eligible Collateral. This means that on Day 31, if Bob fetches the signatures from the validators and submits them to the gateway, his on-chain collateral balance will be zero, and he will not be able to mint any M tokens.

On Day 31, if Bob does not call the `Update Collateral` within the update collateral interval (1 day), his on-chain collateral balance will become zero, and he will also be unable to mint any M tokens. In short, the controls are implemented within the protocol to ensure that Bob cannot mint any M tokens on Day 31 in this scenario.

However, Bob can use the following trick or workaround that allows him to continue to mint M tokens even if he no longer has any Eligible Collateral on the ECS on Day 31.

1. On Day 29, fetches the signatures ($Sig_1, Sig_2$) from the validators one hour before the 30-day T-bills mature. The signatures obtained from the validators will state that Bob's Eligible Collateral is \$10M. Keep and do not submit the signatures yet.
2. On Day 31, Bob has zero Eligible Collateral in ECS because all his 30-Day T-bill has matured.
3. Bob decided not to fetch the new signatures from the validators because the signatures would indicate that he has zero Eligible Collateral, which is unfavorable to him. He also cannot mint M tokens without performing a `Update Collateral` because he has missed an update interval, and his on-chain collateral value is zero now.
4. However, Bob can submit the signatures that he obtained earlier ($Sig_1, Sig_2$) to the `updateCollateral` function to have his on-chain collateral balance to be restored to \$10M. Since the gateway detected that Bob has updated his collateral at this interval, the protocol will not assume his balance to be zero. As such, he can continue to mint M tokens on Day 31.

The root causes of this issue are as follows:

- The validator's signature does not expire. It will remain valid for hours, days, or even months. As a security best practice, a signature should only be valid for 10 minutes at the maximum. 10 minutes is more than sufficient for the minter to collect the signatures from all the validators to reach the threshold. The expiry length should be set as short as possible yet reasonable for the minters to collect the required number of signatures to be submitted to the gateway.

- The signature does not map to a specific day. Thus, in the above scenario, Bob could use the signature obtained on Day 29 on Day 31.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-mzero/blob/main/protocol/src/MinterGateway.sol#L181

```solidity
File: MinterGateway.sol
180:         // Verify that enough valid signatures are provided, and get the minimum timestamp across all valid signatures.
181:         minTimestamp_ = _verifyValidatorSignatures(
182:             msg.sender,
183:             collateral_,
184:             retrievalIds_,
185:             metadataHash_,
186:             validators_,
187:             timestamps_,
188:             signatures_
189:         );
```

## Impact

The on-chain minted M tokens will not be backed by an adequate amount of  Eligible Collateral. With fewer Eligible Collateral (e.g., T-Bill) backing the minted M Tokens than expected, the price of M tokens might fall significantly below the \$1 peg, affecting the stability of the protocol.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-mzero/blob/main/protocol/src/MinterGateway.sol#L181

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Consider adding the expiry and date/day fields to the signature to mitigate the attack mentioned in this report.

```diff
  minTimestamp_ = _verifyValidatorSignatures(
      msg.sender,
      collateral_,
      retrievalIds_,
      metadataHash_,
      validators_,
      timestamps_,
+     expiry_,
+     date,
      signatures_
  );
```

By implementing the above solution, Bob's obtained signatures from the validators will be rendered useless after a short period, and he cannot submit signatures intended for Day 29 on Day 31. Thus, these measures effectively prevent Bob's attack.